
    ---
    title: HIIT Workout Timer
    summary: Following the success of circuit training programs like CrossFit, a lot of individuals are taking to high intensity interval training (HIIT). Design the workflow required for someone to create a timer specifically for HIIT workouts, paying particular attention to the visual feedback given to the user mid-workout.
    author: Luke Jones
    authorurl: https://lukejones.me
    ---
    Following the success of circuit training programs like CrossFit, a lot of individuals are taking to high intensity interval training (HIIT). HIIT workouts require the athlete to perform at high intensity for certain periods of time with a rest in between, with a typical workout looking like 10 rounds of an exercise, with a 45 second rest in between. 
    
    Design the workflow required for someone to create a timer specifically for HIIT workouts, paying particular attention to the visual feedback given to the user mid-workout. Keep in mind the context of the person using the application, they might be in a noisy gym some distance away from the device, so you may need to ensure the screen is readable and the required information is conveyed.
    
    Design a maximum of 2-4 screens for either web or mobile, providing as much background thinking as you can.
    
    ## Features
    
    The application could include:
    
    * Different timers displays.
    * Complex time inputs.
    * Rounds with different times.
    * Warm-up and warm-down.
    * Aural feedback.
    
    Keep in mind that these are not the only features that might be required, and you should use your initiative to ensure a usable and interesting experience.
    
    ##Please Prioritize
    
    * Good usability.
    * Appropriate aesthetics for the demographic, tone, mobile/touch paradigms, etc.
    * Insight into your process, including any sketches, brainstorms, notes, wireframes, and assumptions on the product.
